RMG Technology (M) Sdn. Bhd. produces the software which powers the
BetOnMarkets.com fixed-odds financial betting platform.

BetOnMarkets clients purchase wagers on the movements of widely traded
financial instruments. These wagers are binary (or digital) options.
That is, if the predicted event occurs, the client receives the full
payout. Otherwise, they receive nothing.

The core of the business, then, is in determining the probability that
a particular event will occur. On the other hand, clients are concerned
with the odds on their stake and the potential return for a correct
wager.

This exercise is intended to bridge the gap between these two disparate
ways of presenting this information. The task is to produce an OO perl
module which, when constructed from a given probability, can produce
decimal odds and ROI suitable for display to a client.

An example:

my $oc = OddsConverter->new(probability => 0.5);
print $oc->decimal_odds;    # '2.00' (always 2 decimal places or 'Inf.')
print $oc->roi;             # '100%' (always whole numbers or 'Inf.')

You may find this Wikipedia article useful in understanding the concepts
involved: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fixed-odds_betting

We have provided a bare bones OddsConverter.pm. We have also included a
test suite in t/ to help ensure that your module operates properly. You
may create additional tests to verify your implementation, if you wish.
Please add any such tests in your own files under t/.

Please feel free to use any modules from CPAN to aid in the completion
of this project. We strongly encourage you to use modern perl
techniques. However, please be aware that many of our critical path
machines are on perl 5.10, so demonstrating an ability to work under
that constraint is a bonus.
